Harlequin MLWorks(TM) 1.1 FTP SITE

Copyright (C) 1998 Harlequin Group plc.  All rights reserved.

12 January 1998



IMPORTANT: Ensure you issue the "binary" command (to set the
representation type to "image") before transferring any files.



MLWORKS VERSIONS AND UPGRADES

On this ftp site you will find MLWorks 1.1 Student Edition for the
following platforms:

        Windows 95              zip file mlw1195.zip
        Windows NT              zip file mlw11nt.zip

Full documentation for Windows platforms is included in the above
installations. Documentation is also available for seperate download
as follows:

	Installation notes	PDF file relno11.pdf
	Release notes		PDF file instal11.pdf
        Complete documentation 	zip file doc11.zip


For up-to-date information on upgrades and supported platforms, please
visit Harlequin's Web site at:

        http://www.harlequin.com/mlworks/



REPORTING PROBLEMS

Further information is available from Harlequin's Web site at:

        http://www.harlequin.com/mlworks/

To submit a question or problem report, please fill out the electronic
Web form at http://www.harlequin.com/mlworks/bugrep.html or the customer
support form included in the MLWorks distribution.  Completed forms can
be sent via e-mail to:

        mlworks-support@harlequin.com or mlworks-support@harlequin.co.uk



SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

To run the Windows 95 version of MLWorks 1.1 we recommend at least 20
MB RAM.  For running on Windows NT, we recommend at least 24 MB RAM. For
Windows 95 and Windows NT the installed system takes up around 25 MB.



INSTALLING MLWORKS FOR MICROSOFT WINDOWS

After downloading your MLWorks distribution from the Harlequin web site,
you must unpack it.

    WARNING - INSTALLATION ON NTFS

    When installing onto an NTFS file system, remember to set your system
    time zone to GMT and disable daylight saving time before installing.
    Once installed, MLWorks will run correctly with your usual settings.
    FAT file systems do not require this adjustment (and therefore this
    adjustment is never required under Windows 95).

1. Using Windows Explorer, go to the folder containing the MLWorks
distribution.

2. Double-click on setup.exe.

The InstallShield(TM) application will now guide you through MLWorks
installation.

MLWorks is now fully installed.



VIEWING MLWORKS DOCUMENTATION

When you have completed the installation of MLWorks on Windows you can
view the user documentation from the documentation folder in the
MLWorks folder. The User Guide and Reference Manual are also available
online as shortcuts from the program group in which you installed
MLWorks.

To download documentation independently form the rest of the
distribution, see "MLWorks Versions and Upgrades" above.
