
Bug #1985:   Win32: incorrect filename completion
Fixed by change #2875

Bug description:  Specify a filename by including only one slash between
directories and then hit the tab key half way through the file name.
The correct file name is picked up, but is not completed properly (the 
wrong letters are appended to the end of the file name) due to an 
erroneous assumption that the user typed two slashes rather than one 
to separate the directory names.

Proper behaviour:  Not only is the file name completed properly, but any
single slashes are replaced with a double slash to give a proper, legal
path on Win32.


----------

Bug #1986:  GUI: Uncaught exception in file name completion
Fixed by change #2876

Description:  This consists of two different exceptions on different
platforms.  On Win32, if a file name starts with more than two
slashes, then the exception Path[system._win_ntpath] is raised.  On
Motif when two or more slashes are used anywhere within the file name,
the exception Subscript[<Pervasive>:408,17 to 408,25] is raised, but
this is handled correctly on Win32 by beeping.

Repeat by:
(Motif) In Listener, type Shell.File.loadSource "basis//   then hit
the TAB key.

Proper behaviour on Motif:  Any extra slashes are removed one at a time
when the TAB key is pressed.

(Win32) In Listener, type Shell.File.loadSource "/// then hit the TAB
key.

Proper behaviour on Win32:  A beep should indicate that no completions
were found.


----------

Bug #1849:  Windows: Filename completion broken
Fixed by change #2877

Description:  filename completion does not work on the current directory, 
ie. no path is specified.

Repeat by:  In Listener, type:  Shell.File.loadSource "
then optionally type part of a valid filename, then press the TAB key.

Bug behaviour:  A beep will indicate that no completions were found - this
is wrong.

Proper behaviour:  A pop up 'Completions' dialog box will be displayed from
which the user can choose which completion to use, if there is more than
one completion possible, otherwise the only completion possible will be
used without displaying the Completions dialog box.


----------

Bug #2006:  Win32: hangs on filename completion specifying wrong slash.
Fixed by change #2927

Repeat by:
In Listener, type: Shell.File.loadSource "///      
then press the TAB key.
Note the direction of the slashes.

Bug behaviour:  MLWorks hangs, ie. you cannot interact with it at all.
 
Proper behaviour:  A beep indicates that no valid completions were found.